Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#107)
kawalcovid19/wargabantuwarga.com: CONTRIBUTING.md

In this project, we are heavily utilising GitHub features to document and signal any progress in the website development.

### Finding or creating issues

> Issues is one of many features in Github. Most contributions start from defining issues. Anyone can start to open an issue for discussion. You can head to [this link](https://guides.github.com/features/issues/) for deep understanding about Issues. Specifically, you can start finding several Issues in [here](https://github.com/kawalcovid19/wargabantuwarga.com/issues). There are only 2 categories in Issues section. They are open and closed Issue. Open Issues means it still needs more attention and need to be resolved. Closed Issues means it has been completed or no need further action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most contributions start from defining issues. Anyone can open an issue for discussion. You can head to [this link](https://guides.github.com/features/issues/) for deep understanding about Issues. Specifically, you can start finding several Issues in [here](https://github.com/kawalcovid19/wargabantuwarga.com/issues). There are only 2 categories in Issues section, Open and Closed. Open Issues means it still needs more attention and need to be resolved. Closed Issues means it has been completed or no need further action.
```

Author: What about "Issues" as the name of feature in github? Should it be plural or singular?

In this project, we are heavily utilising GitHub features to document and signal any progress in the website development.

### Finding or creating issues

> Most contributions start from defining issues. Anyone can open an issue for discussion. You can head to [this link](https://guides.github.com/features/issues/) for deep understanding about Issues. Specifically, you can start finding several Issues in [here](https://github.com/kawalcovid19/wargabantuwarga.com/issues). There are only 2 categories in Issues section, Open and Closed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Most contributions start from defining issues. Anyone can open an issue for discussion. You can head to [this link](https://guides.github.com/features/issues/) for deep understanding about Issues. Specifically, you can start finding several Issues in [our Issues tab](https://github.com/kawalcovid19/wargabantuwarga.com/issues). There are only two categories in Issues section, Open and Closed.
```

> ### Open Issues

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Open Issues
```

> Open Issues means it still needs more attention and need to be resolved. Commonly, contributors will explore Open Issue section to resolve an issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open Issues are issues that need more attention and need to be resolved. Contributors should pick any of the Open Issues and start working on them.
```

> ### Closed Issues

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Closed Issues
```

> Closed Issues means it has been completed or no need further action. Closed issue can be changed to open if contributors find related issue with the same category in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Closed Issues are issues that have been completed or doesn't need need further action. Closed issues can be reopened if contributors find any issues related to it sometime in the future.
```

> Please pay attention on every issue attribute. Every issue might be referenced by other contributors through [Linked Pull Request](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue). It means the issue has been being handled. To avoid working on the same issue, contributors were strongly encouraged to submit [draft pull request](https://github.blog/2019-02-14-introducing-draft-pull-requests/) first.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please pay attention on every issue attribute. Every issue might be referenced by other contributors through [Linked Pull Request](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue). It means the issue is currently being handled. To avoid working on the same issue, contributors are strongly encouraged to submit a [draft pull request](https://github.blog/2019-02-14-introducing-draft-pull-requests/) when they start working on an issue.
```

> Please pay attention on every issue attribute. Every issue might be referenced by other contributors through [Linked Pull Request](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue). It means the issue is currently being handled. To avoid working on the same issue, contributors were strongly encouraged to submit a [draft pull request](https://github.blog/2019-02-14-introducing-draft-pull-requests/) first when they start working on an issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please pay attention on every issue attribute. Every issue might be referenced by other contributors through [Linked Pull Requests](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue). If an issue has a linked pull request, that means the issue is currently being handled. To avoid working on the same issue, contributors were strongly encouraged to submit a [draft pull request](https://github.blog/2019-02-14-introducing-draft-pull-requests/) first when they start working on an issue.
```

Dalam proyek ini, kita memaksimalkan penggunaan fitur-fitur GitHub untuk mendokumentasikan dan memberikan sinyal terhadap kemajuan apapun dalam pengerjaan website ini.

### Menemukan atau membuat _issues_

> Sebagian besar kontribusi berawal dari membuat _Issues_. Tiap orang dapat memulai membuat _Issues_ untuk diskusi. Anda dapat mengunjungi [link ini](https://guides.github.com/features/issues/) untuk pemahaman lebih lanjut mengenai _Issues_. Secara spesifik, Anda dapat menemukan _Issues_ [di sini](https://github.com/kawalcovid19/wargabantuwarga.com/issues). Hanya ada 2 kategori bagian _Issues_, _Open_ dan _Closed Issues_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sebagian besar kontribusi berawal dari membuat _Issues_. Tiap orang dapat memulai membuat _Issues_ untuk diskusi. Anda dapat mengunjungi [pranala ini](https://guides.github.com/features/issues/) untuk pemahaman lebih lanjut mengenai _Issues_. Secara spesifik, Anda dapat menemukan _Issues_ [di tab **Issues** ini](https://github.com/kawalcovid19/wargabantuwarga.com/issues). Hanya ada dua kategori pada _Issues_, yakni _Open_ dan _Closed Issues_.
```

> ### _Open Issues_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### _Open Issues_
```

_Open Issues_ merupakan kategori yang membutuhkan perhatian lebih serta penyelesaian. Biasanya, kontributor akan menelusuri bagian _Open Issues_ untuk mengerjakan _issue_ yang belum ditangani.

> ### _Closed Issues_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### _Closed Issues_
```

> _Closed Issues_ merupakan katergori _issue_ yang sudah selesai dikerjakan atau tidak membutuhkan aksi lanjutan. _Issue_ dengan status _closed_ dapat kembali diubah menjadi _open_ ketika kontibutor menemukan _issue_ dengan kategori yang sama di masa mendatang.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
_Closed Issues_ merupakan kategori _issue_ yang sudah selesai dikerjakan atau tidak membutuhkan aksi lanjutan. _Issue_ dengan status _closed_ dapat kembali diubah menjadi _open_ ketika kontibutor menemukan _issue_ dengan kategori yang sama di masa mendatang.
```

> Mohon perhatikan tiap atribut _issue_. Tiap _issue_ kemungkinan dikerjakan oleh kontributor lain melalui _Pull Request_ tertentu. Ini berarti _issue_ sedang dalam penanganan. Untuk menghindari pekerjaan yang sama, kontributor sangat disarankan untuk mengajukan [_draft pull request_](https://github.blog/2019-02-14-introducing-draft-pull-requests/) terlebih dahulu.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Mohon perhatikan tiap atribut _issue_. Tiap _issue_ kemungkinan dikerjakan oleh kontributor lain melalui _Pull Request_ tertentu. Ini berarti _issue_ sedang dalam penanganan. Untuk menghindari pekerjaan yang sama, kontributor sangat dianjurkan untuk mengajukan sebuah [_draft pull request_](https://github.blog/2019-02-14-introducing-draft-pull-requests/) terlebih dahulu setiap kali hendak mengerjakan suatu _issue_.
```
